Docs: Add CSF factory API documentation (#30343)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/_snippets/csf-factories-preview-example.md

```ts filename=".storybook/preview.ts|tsx" renderer="react" language="ts"
// Replace your-framework with the framework you are using (e.g., react-vite, nextjs, experimental-nextjs-vite)

> import { definePreview } from '@storybook/your-framework/preview';
> import * as addonTestAnnotations from '@storybook/experimental-addon-test/preview';
> 
> const preview = definePreview({
>   // 👇 Add your addons here
>   addons: [addonTestAnnotations],
> });

Author: ```suggestion
import { definePreview } from '@storybook/your-framework';
import addonTest from '@storybook/experimental-addon-test';

const preview = definePreview({
  // 👇 Add your addons here
  addons: [addonTest()],
});
```

```ts filename=".storybook/preview.ts" renderer="react" language="ts"
// Replace your-framework with the framework you are using (e.g., react-vite, nextjs, experimental-nextjs-vite)
import { definePreview } from '@storybook/your-framework';
import addonTest from '@storybook/experimental-addon-test';

export default definePreview({
  // 👇 Add your addons here
  addons: [addonTest()],
  parameters: {
    // type-safe!

>     layout: 'fullscreen',

Author: In our solution the expected behavior would be:
- Users would always get autocompletion/type safety for Storybook core parameters like layout
- Users would get autocompletion/type safety for an addon's parameters if the addon has types and uses the new implementation
- Users would not get autocompletion/type safety if the addon is using the legacy format

Not sure where to mention but it would be nice to mention that, for instance in this use case the user would have `test` as a parameter in their autocompletion

Author: ah nevermind I see that it's mentioned above the usage of this snippet (though it sort of seems like layout is the autocompleted property coming from using addon test)

Reviewer: Oh, I like the idea of making that connection more clear in the snippet. 🤔

Reviewer: @yannbf — Just realized that we don't document any `parameters.test` properties. And I glanced through the addon source and didn't see any usage.

Does the Test addon actually use parameters? Should we use another example addon?

Author: It's kind of funky because neither the test addon nor the interactions addon have such parameters, however when people use @storybook/test, storybook core uses `test` parameters like  `test.dangerouslyIgnoreUnhandledErrors`.

Perhaps it's best to use another addon as example. Like essentials, set a viewport or something

Reviewer: I went with `addon-a11y`, because 1) essentials is likely going away eventually, and 2) this way there's a direct link between the addon package and the parameter key.
